Rugged, historic and full of local charm, St. George is Staten Island's gateway neighborhood, greeting passengers who disembark from the Staten Island Ferry—some 70,000 every day. Major developments are planned for the waterfront area, including an outlet mall and the Staten Island Wheel, a 630-foot tall Ferris wheel that will offer views of New York harbor. But even without these additions, St. George is primed for exploration: discover cultural attractions, casual restaurants, nautical history and Victorian architecture—all accessible via a free boat ride that every visitor should experience.

The Staten Island National Lighhouse Museum officially opened in 2015 the museum stands on the former site of the United States Lighthouse Services General Depot. 
The Staten Island National Lighhouse Museum collects, preserves and interprets objects realated to the history and technology of lighthouses locacted in the past or present, at sites throughout the United States.

Home of the Staten Island Yankees.  The Staten Island Yankees made their debut in 1999.
The Ballpark at St. Geoege is more commonly referred to as Staten Island Yankees Stadium.
Wagner College Baseball team uses the baseball field for home games (2008-present)

Postcards is an outdoor sculpture in St Geoege Staten Island.
It was built in 2004.
It is a memorial honoring the 274 Staten Island residents killed in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing and September 11th Attacks of 2001.

Lyons Pool is located in St Geoege Staten Island.  It was built in 1936.
It is the largest public pool on Staten Island.  It is an outdoor Olympic sizes public swimming pool offering swimming lessons.
It also has a fitness gym.

The St.  George Theater is a performing arts venue on Staten Island.
The theater opened December 4, 1929.
It was a movie theater from 1940-1975.
From 2004-present it is used for live stage shows and concerts.

The St.  George Library was opened on June 26, 1907.  It is the largest library on Staten Island.
The library has a Children's Room and a Teen Library.
The library also has PC's for public use and a computer lab for computer classes.

The Staten Island Ferry operates between the St. George ferry terminal on Staten Island and the Whitehall Terminal in Lower Manhattan.  The trip is about 25 minutes long 
The Staten Island Ferry is free.
The Staten Island Ferry is operated by the NYC Department of Transportation.
The Staten Island Ferry moves 22 million passengers a year between the St. George ferry terminal on Staten Island and the Whitehall Terminal in Lower Manhattan.

Staten Island Borough Hall was built:1904-1906
It houses the Borough President's Office, office of the Department of Buildings and other civic offices.
Staten Island Borough Hall is a designated New York City Landmark.
On the inside the grand marble lobby contains a series of significant WPA reliefs and murals painted in 1940 by Fredrick Star, illustrating events in Staten Island history.
